The project that you will be working on,
is very similar to the XGBoost sentiment analysis web app that you created earlier on.
The difference here is that,
instead of using XGBoost as your algorithm,
you'll be constructing your own neural network, using pytorch.
Now, the pytorch functionality in SageMaker is a
little bit different than the XGBoost algorithm.
One of the ways in which it's different,
is that you get to provide your own code.
As a result, you won't be able to do all of the project inside of the notebook,
and instead you're going to have to make some modifications to some Python scripts.
Inside of the project directory,
you'll see all of the things you need to complete this project.
The notebook will lead you through each of these steps,
which includes all of the code that you need to
complete and some additional questions that you need to answer.
The train folder contains the code that will be used for training the model,
and in particular you're going to have to make
some modifications to the trained Python script.
The serve folder contains the Python files that will be used in your deployed model.
You will also need to make some changes inside of
the serve folder in the predict Python file.
Lastly, the website that you'll be creating that interacts with your deployed endpoint,
is inside of the website folder.
Now, this website is essentially the same as the one that we used in the XGBoost web app,
but you'll have to set it up to work with your own endpoint.
Once you've completed all the steps in the notebook,
made sure to package up the notebook and the files that you modify,
in particular the train file,
the predict file, and the modified index file.